c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.dll
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.pdb
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.dll
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.pdb
c:\users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.dll.config
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.dll.mdb
C:\Users\amine\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EjercicioBase\EnviarCorreo.Forms\EnviarCorreo.Forms\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Forms.dll.mdb
